The movie begins on a cold night in a mining town.
An elder worker finds a white cream-like substance
bubbling out of the ground. He reluctantly
tastes it and finds it very satisfying.
As another worker comes by, he laughs
at the man for eating the snow.
He then joins the older man and they
both strangely can’t stop eating it.
What is that sublime edible substance? What
makes it so addictive? This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a sci-fi horror film titled:
The Stuff. Be aware: there are spoilers!
Following the opening credits, we meet with a
boy named Jason who is waking up in the middle of
the night feeling hungry. As he opens the fridge
looking for food, he sees some ice-cream moving.
He is shocked and steps away as his dad walks
in. Jason tries to explain to his dad that the
ice-cream was just alive, only to get scolded and
sent back to his room for talking nonsense. The
father then enjoys a cup of ice-cream himself.
At this point, we learn that the substance at
the beginning is marketed as “The Stuff”.
Celebs also join the marketing campaigns of
this surprisingly tasty dessert. Due to the
incredible benefits of “The Stuff” namely:
no calories, very creamy and filling, it
holds the dominant position in the ice-cream
market. "The Stuff" quickly becomes a national
craze, drastically damaging ice cream sales.
The leaders of the ice-cream industry decide to
hire David, a former FBI agent, to investigate
what this “Stuff” is and how it’s made.
Back to Jason’s family, it is revealed that his
whole family is obsessed with “The Stuff” except
for the boy, who never tries it. His mom buys them
loads and places it all in the fridge even making
him eat it for breakfast. Jason mentions that the
stuff had been moving all by itself the night
before but the family doesn’t listen to him.
Jason gets angry as the family starts to isolate
him more. The Stuff appears all around and his
family has a strong draw towards it. He smashes
the stuff’s box and runs away. His family members,
on the other hand, think Jason is a bad kid and
a freak for refusing such an appealing dessert.
They now only eat, talk, and
think about “the Stuff”.
Meanwhile, David, with his great sense
of humor, is able to approach Nicole,
the stuff’s advertising campaign designer.
Although working for a huge project like
the Stuff, Nicole has no interest in trying the
white-addictive substance. David plans to inspect
the factory of the stuff by gaining Nicole’s
trust so that she can support him with it.
Elsewhere in a supermarket, seeing people
buying the evil substance, Jason becomes
angry. He intentionally destroys all the Stuff
products on the display shelves, shouting at
people that the Stuff is a deadly dessert.
However, nobody cares what the kid warns, and
security rush in to stop Jason’s vandalizing.
During this time, David observes people are not
simply loving the dessert as someone normally
would. Whoever tastes it once, craves it,
including people’s pets. David realizes the
changes in humans as well as pets’ behaviors,
noticing when they are hungry for the Stuff. The
craze for the dessert is far deadlier and much
more evil than anyone could have believed.
The following morning, David meets with Charles,
a junk food mogul known as "Chocolate Chip
Charlie". His dessert company went bankrupt after
the rocketing sales of the Stuff over the past
two months. David convinces Charles to join in
the investigation of the brainwashing dessert.
As the two stop by a grocery store, they notice
the owner turns very suspicious and
refuses to sell things to the men,
seemingly starving for the Stuff. He tries to
send David and Charles away so that he can enjoy
his favorite sweet. He is soon killed by the
white substance as it erupts from his mouth.
Before David and Charles can save the man, the
Stuff retreats from the window. A moment later,
the two are attacked by several men who appear to
be zombie-like creatures. The Stuff burows into
those who eat it and gradually takes over their
brains, mutating them into zombies. David and
Charles then manage to escape on a boat.
The two visit a restaurant where David, who
reveals to be serious, asks Charles to report the
deadly Stuff to Frank Herbert, a Special FBI agent
in Washington DC. The FBI fired David for his
recklessness while on duty, so it makes more sense
to have Charles as the reporter. As David leaves,
the waitress, who is also an addict of the stuff,
immediately informs other Stuff-heads. The
former agent is nearly killed as a Stuff van
attempts to hit him on the road. Later,
he comes across an article about Jason,
who seems to be the only one in the whole country
who isn’t a fan of the stuff. Vandalizing the
products any chance that he gets. He then tells
Nicole, who is now his girlfriend, to help him
carry out a plan. He then leaves to see Jason.
At night, Jason is made to eat the Stuff again by
his family. The boy pretends to take the cup and
then enters the toilet. He pours out all of the
cream refilling it with shaving cream. He returns
to tell his family that he loves the stuff, hoping
to keep himself safe for the time being. However,
his father learns that the stuff was replaced with
shaving cream. Jason is chased by his family
members, but luckily, he runs into David,
who is on the way looking for the boy. David
rescues Jason and drives off from his parents.
The two meet up with Nicole boarding
the flight headed to the factory.
Finally arriving in Georgia, Jason is still asleep
on the plane. David tells his pilot to take the
boy to Savannah Airport and waits for further
instructions. Nicole and David will investigate
the factory over the next three hours.
During this time, Jason wakes up and finds the
Stuff has invaded the plane and is now controlling
the pilot. He quickly escapes from the exit door,
not knowing why he was left alone on the
plane. He runs deep into the woods and
ends up reaching the Stuff’s mine, where the
factory exploits the substance from the ground.
He secretly climbs to a distribution truck and
hides from the workers. Unfortunately, one worker
closes up the cab which traps Jason inside.
Back at the factory, David and Nicole are given
a tour around the factory, and a staff member
tells them that they have a room paid for at a
nearby motel. While sleeping, Stuff starts
emerging from David and Nicole's mattress.
First, it tries to suffocate David. While
struggling with the Stuff, Nicole thinks of
an idea to burn it, eventually this idea saves
David. As the couple are still frightened,
a man who is a Stuff-addict enters and is killed.
Stuff floods the entire motel while the couple
manage to escape using a car just outside.
On the way, David spots some distribution trucks
travelling towards the mines. He decides to follow
them. Jason is still trapped in one of the trucks.
In the mines, David and Nicole
learn the truth about the Stuff.
They don’t process or manufacture it at all . The
Stuff just seeps out from different places in the
ground. It goes from the centre of Earth directly
to the supermarkets by siphoning it into trucks.
David then tells Nicole to wait for him at the
highway then leaves in a Stuff worker’s suit.
He’s planning to steal one of the trucks
as evidence concerning the deadly cream.
Just then, David sneaks into the mines setting
up dynamite. While trying to navigate to target
a truck, David accidentally hears Jason’s
calling for help from inside of a truck.
The boy is struggling as the Stuff is spreading in
the tank. David quickly escapes on the truck that
Jason is trapped in, and the mine explodes.
Driving to the highway where Nicole is waiting,
David is able to save her from a stuff addicted
sicko. He also rescues Jason from the Stuff’s
attack in the tank. The three then drive off on
the truck heading towards a military base, where
they meet with a ​​ retired soldier - Colonel
Malcolm. They are able to convince him about the
mind-affecting drug covered as a dessert. Right
after that, Malcolm leads his troops to storming
another mine, but they find out that all the
sicko workers have committed suicide. The Stuff
begins to attack the group, flooding all of the
mines. Luckily, no one is killed. Malcolm decides
to leave the scene where it is and broadcasts a
civil defense message for Americans to end their
addiction to The Stuff. At the radio station, the
group rejoins Charles. However, the man is soon
mutated and eventually killed by the Stuff. He was
somehow poisoned during the trip to Washington DC.
The aggressive Stuff then attacks Nicole and
Jason in one of the broadcast rooms. David
and Malcolm burn the station entirely, destroying
the Stuff and rescuing the two just in time.
Finally, the Colonel makes his warning and
puts an end to the addiction to the stuff.
Everywhere throughout the States, people throw
the Stuff into fire, eliminating the alien
substance. Later, David and Jason go to see the
company’s Head who has them taste the products,
which apparently they never dare to do. He
asks whether they are consuming the Stuff
or if it is consuming them. At the
end, David, Nicole, Jason and Colonel
Malcolm are honored as national heroes.
The movie ends with some smugglers selling
the Stuff on the black market and we see one of
them eating the substance, testing it out.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos
like this, and don’t forget to turn on
your notifications. That really helps
my channel. Thanks for watching!